With the help of the collected datasets from World bank & UNHCR the top nine nations that spend highest proportions of their GDP on military expenses are identified!
These nations are: UAE, Algeria, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Oman, Saudi Arabia & South Sudan.
Since the dataset used for this analysis covered most of the world nations, it is safe to say that it is the middle eastern (gulf countries) that tend to spend in this fashion!

Another interesting point is that these include many nations that are not at war as of now! In fact many of them are considered to be safe nations that get the representation of ideal touring places like Jordan, UAE, Oman, Saudi Arabia & Kuwait. These are middle eastern nations that tend to be presented as superfluously wealthy nations in the mainstream media. 
This seems true for UAE, Jordan and Oman. These countries experience increasing refugee influx perhaps from the war torn neighbour nations. 

While other middle eastern nations that are currenlty at war or experiencing internal military/political conflicts tend to have high refugee effluxes. e.g. Sudan & Libya

Again countries that are typically perceived as safer tends to show increasing number of refugees leaving them! Particularly in the case of Kuwait & Saudi Arabia.

And Israel tends to have radically reduced its refugee influx over the years despite being a strong ally of USA and engaging in territorial conflicts with Palestine. 

South Sudan has the highest number of refugees leaving the country, not suprisingly since it is one of the war ravaged nations in East Africa. 

Another suprising fact is that the western nations that are considerd formidable military powers such as the USA, Great Britan, France, Russia, China were not even present in this list! Certainly not because they spend less than these nations but simply because their expenses with refenece to their GDP is not comparable to these nations. i.e They just generate significantly higher GDPs!

An intriguing question that arises from this analyes is that why these middle eastern countries spend so much on military while they have other mundane needs like water & food production which are not naturally available in the arid regions? Is this to prevent the war in the near regions spreading into their domains..?
